Thanks for submitting your comments about your child's school. We appreciate your taking the time to provide your insights.

The goal of our Reviews and Ratings system is to enable parents to share their experiences about a school with other parents. We've found the most valuable reviews are those that express your opinion in a respectful way. The review should be concise and relevant to the overall quality of the school.

We do post both positive and negative reviews, but they must meet our editorial guidelines, which you can see here: http://www.greatschools.net/cgi-bin/static/guidelines.html/ca/

Unfortunately, we're unable to post your review because:

The review does not provide enough information about the quality of the school.

To give you an idea of the kind of positive and negative reviews we accept, here are two samples of reviews we have posted:

"I have two children currently attending this school. It is a warm and caring community with wonderful parents and wonderful teachers. The quality of the instruction has been great and my kids have been challenged and pushed to do their best consistently. Parent groups like the PTA and Dad's Club do an amazing job of fundraising and building a sense of community. In addition, the school is a community where kindness and respect do not take a back seat to the curriculum. It is a wonderful place for my children to spend their days and I am pleased to be part of such a great community."

"The parents at this school have worked very hard and have fought tooth and nail to keep desirable programs, like art and music, afloat. And of course, the kids are great! Unfortunately, leadership is lacking at this school and the teaching my child received was very uneven. Personal experience with some teaching staff was extremely unprofessional. A small school like this one doesn't afford much choice when teachers aren't meeting your child's need. And the principal is doing very little to weed out those teachers who are just "biding their time," while they waste the precious time of the students they are trained professionally to serve and inspire."

Your review:

$USER_COMMENTS

GreatSchools relies on parents to help other parents by providing insights on the experiences you've had with a particular school. We encourage you to re-submit your review with the above in mind.

Thanks again for being a valuable member of GreatSchools.

Regards,

GreatSchools

GreatSchools is an independent, nonprofit organization that inspires and empowers parents to be involved in their children's educational success.

